reverie cop there's the case that makes
you gives you that leg up gets you
recognized as a shining new star on the
squad the KC you solve the chose that
you have the gumption the gung-ho that
get up and go to make you stand out from
your average rank-and-file that's wrong
LAPD could you stand clear of the body
please has anyone called an ambulance
we've called an ambulance and the police
but I'm afraid he's dead
okay stand further back and move along
it's your choice but make it quick
people hey Cole you got here quick
my be across the 7th Street okay you're
first reporting then we'll get a
perimeter going and move the crowd on
you better see what you can find out
before the homicide dick show up I'll be
with you in a moment everybody stay back
let us do our job
broad daylight right pocket a crowded
street I've seen everything
see galleta Weiwei receipt Earl earrings
made out to Bank of Arcadia
shell casings look like thirty twos
the dumpster penis and walking down the
street what was the song shirt
in FN browning activate serial number 0
1 1 2 3 P 22 run black ops tour Eagle
Sion's gun stores a couple blocks from
here
witness I'm officer Phelps miss I'm here
this is a tutorial walkthrough that'll
actually be the answers a question here
wasn't my boss mr. gage mr. kenter's
from Berlin to go to the gun store all
right all right
yeah Clovis
officer can I interest you in a new
watch officer Cole felts are you add
Gurkha Lu uh no mr. ko Lu is out back
you said he to lie down I'll buzz him
for you son of a bitch
hello back here there he is see ya
stop or I will shoot you don't happen to
get them you just keep chasing you're
under arrest for the murder of Everett
gage as my lawyer arrived yet I want to
see my lawyer a lawyer can't help you
mr. cao lu you've shot a man dead in
cold blood you're going to have to pay
for that so we got the one question ask
you followed Everett Gage and a girl
back to the shoe store you put five
rounds engages back gage was a was a
bastard whatever you got he got what was
coming but it had nothing to do with me
no we know that he's lying
not to mention is looking shading your
shot gage and we know why we can put you
at the scene you can't prove anything we
have the eyewitness report we know all
about the argument miss Caleta made a
statement you're you're counting on the
girl you think our testimonies gonna
stand up in court you're going to the
gas chamber Edgar that you hating fuck
couldn't leave me alone I had a sale
that girl was ready to buy next question
let's change the subject
you fasting for Yom Kippur mr. :
yeah let's change the subject you're
going by the fucker how about baseball
you're not denying you're a Jew mr. Cole
oof
this is America it's not Germany it's
not a crime
some people don't like Jews mr. Cole ooh
yeah and I guess you're one of them age
hated Jews didn't he mr. Cole ooh I
don't know what you talking about we're
gonna weed out that
you left-wing leaning parasite you
expect me to sit here and listen to your
drivel you call me that
you sit there and you call me those
names you got damn good putt snatcher
you and that stop Kate why did you do it
mr. Callooh
gage he's in the Chamber of Commerce
he's in with all those moms errs he
blocked every proposal I ever put
forward kike dis and kike dad he's been
trying to ruin my business for years
Edgar Kahlo I'm charging you it's a
first-degree murder of Everett gage this
is a tute election case and you're right
two sets the tone for I hope for your
sake they'd be very commute to murder in
the second degree
may God have mercy on you sir